Concept for Mining Addon




In a nutshell:


You mine ore, which you can refine to get resources (and possibly modded for credits in rp addons).




How to obtain ore(s):


Asteroids in space, which is mined by a mining "generator" (?).

"Pillars" on planets, which are mined by a mining "generator" (?).

Maybe make roids use a laser miner, and pillars a drill miner? Or similar (?).




What to do with the ore resource(s):


Mods can use it for things such as "harder" to obtain res then the others, for stuff such as guns.
Should be easy to mod so it can give "credits" or similar things when refined, for rp mods.

Refine ore to get resources, possibly a fixed ratio of a few/all resources per ore, or a bit random.
Different kind (?) could refine to different stuff.




How to refine:


Could be a refining generator, a "terminal" (like spaceage),
or manually done by creating ore entities which are put in a processing thing (like the faction mining addon)




How would roids work:


They could be normal entities spawned in space, but that would generate lag (altough sweeping ships might be fun to make for planetary mining and refining).

They could be static entities spawned in space, which would be less laggy.

They could be in a collision group that dont hit anything, for (I think) less lag,
but ships would not collide, which means both less lag and less realism when a ship would have collided.

They could be "holograms", and use special traces, which would lag less normally,
but possibly lag more while people mine. Also would not have as "accurate" traces.
Same thing about collision as the above idea aswell.


They should have a "health", which is drained while it is being mined,
and when it is 0 the roid could be removed.

The health could also slowly recharge, altough maybe only when it is not being mined,
as then calculating time of life for mined roids would be easyer.

This would mean leaving roids almost empty would not be as annoying for other miners,
as then it would have recharged (anti minging).
Otherwise a minge could mine all the roids to "almost empty", and when someone else mines,
they dont get much ore, and has to move to a new roid all the time.




How would "pillars" work:


They would probably be static entities spawned on planets "stuck in the ground",
as it would probably be even more annoying if you could go trough stuff on ground,
especially with drills instead of lasers to mine.


To make it a little bit harder to mine them,
they could be made to damage stuff that touch them (like in spaceage).


They should have a "health", which is drained while it is being mined,
and when it is 0 the "pillar" could be removed.

The health could also slowly recharge, altough maybe only when it is not being mined,
as then calculating time of life for mined "pillars" would be easyer.

This would mean leaving "pillars" almost empty would not be as annoying for other miners,
as then it would have recharged (anti minging).
Otherwise a minge could mine all the "pillars" to "almost empty", and when someone else mines,
they dont get much ore, and has to move to a new "pillar" all the time.




How would the entities be spawned?


It could be the mapper who add logic cases which are read by mining addon,
like sb3 read logic cases to create atmo.

It could be a .txt that is saved by running a convar, which contains pos, angle and such of the entities.

It could be any of the earlyer, which control spawning of a "master" entity,
that dynamicly spawn the other entities,
like a main pillar that spawn pillars on the surfaces around it (that isnt props).